So let's start working on these putting a little more detail on these I think first of all I've got
them all selected I think I just want to move them to a new layer I'll press em and three.
I miss that when they're three and move those all over here just so we can see them a little better.
So first of all I think let's go ahead and establish where the counters are I'd like.
Or the countertop scuse me.
I'd like them to be as tall as this.
No taller than this.
So what I'm going to do for this is duplicated.
And hit enter and then I'm going to tap into it mode and hit the Z key and I'm going to grab this.
Bring it up.
And then I'm going to grab this and bring it a little forward.
So we kind of get a sense that we've got a countertop there I'll hit the Z key.
All right.
So there's our first countertop.
Let me go ahead and tap into here and bring this one down just below that like say like Pat.
And we go.
All right.
So that is our first countertop.
We can now use this for the other ones.
We'll go ahead and duplicate it.
And let's go ahead and put the origin in the center of the geometry and move it over here.
I'll scale it in the X and get it.
So it fits in here.
I'll hit the period key and let's also take this one and grab that face and move it down a bit.
And we go maybe fit this one in here a little bit better.
S and X OK.
Now we can use these countertops for over here as well.
Grab this center the origin into the geometry.
Duplicate it and move it over here.
And let's put this in place
and we go let's pull this down this face down below it.
That and of course with this one we can always grab that face over here and just drag that over.
And there we go.
All right.
Now of course we're going to need to drop a sink into here.
So we'll be cutting out a whole for that but that's OK for right now.
We've got that countertop in place now as I said this is the kind of thing I want is kind of very plain
and simple door here on the counters here.
So for this I think what I'm going to do is we've got I needed to decide how many doors we're going
to have here.
I would say probably two pairs.
So for the doors I think I'll grab this once again and duplicate it and pull it out.
And now I will scale this in the y close that up like that little bit thinner and I'll put the origin
in the center of the geometry scale it in the next let's scale it in the Z or at least what we can do
is take this face and bring it down some.
So let's go to that side and hit the control key and one spin it around to the front there hit Z and
hit five.
So I can kind of see it.
Now we're going to a drawer here so I'll pull that down.
And this will be our first cabinet door right here.
Leave a little room for the hinges there.
Duplicate this and move it over and we go now.
Is this going to be wide enough.
And now we need a drawer there don't we.
So I'll just take one of these and duplicate it.
Move it up scale it into the
and then scale it in the X so there's a drawer for us I'll duplicate this shifty X and move it over
here.
Now it looks to me like way over here if we look at this we've got some drawers here we've got a thin
one on top and they kind of get bigger as they go down so I'll just grab this.
Duplicate it.
Bring it over here and let's scale it in the X like so
and then what we can do is duplicate it.
Chef de Z bring it down and scale it in the z.
Just a little bit and then shift the Z scale then the Z a little bit more again.
And let's see if this one fits in here.
And scale that up just a bit more
and we go.
So we've got a series of drawers.
They're increasing in size.
All right.
Now looks good.
Now for all of these we don't need the faces behind them do we.
So what I'm gonna do is press shift h and then swing around here and get rid of all of these faces.
Now while I'm here maybe I could actually combine all these together with control J and then tab into
edit mode and just select all of these faces and hit X and delete faces and then you go.
Now if we hit alt H and bring everything back we take these drawers and cabinets and bring them on back
like this and for over on this side we're going to want the cabinet doors and the drawers but here under
the sink it looks like it's just all cabinet.
So let's see if we can do that.
I'm going to grab these and just select these cabinets in one drawer and I'll press control plus key
on the numpad to expand the selections so we select all of that and then duplicate and pull those out.
Now I'm going to spin it around with our z 180 and then move these over here.
Now I think I want to split this out from that side of the room or that side of the kitchen so I'll
hit the P key.
Choose separate by selection.
And there we go.
I think I might be able to give us another set of doors and drawer right here.
So let's move that pivot point into the center of this object.
So there's that object move the origin to the geometry.
There it is.
I'll hit shift D and X and move these over just a smidge and look at that.
That's going to fit in there pretty well that's good.
And then I probably want just smaller doors and drawer over here.
So let's just duplicate that and move it over and I might be able just to scale and the X like that
kind of squeeze that in there.
And we go.
Now I can take maybe these Once again I'll hover over here and hit the L key just like those duplicate
those.
Move them over peaky separate by selection and now I can scale these out in the next and up in the Zeb.
First I need to move that pivot point or tap into object mode and move the pivot point to the geometry
and then let's scale on the X like so.
And scale and the Z and we go.
So we're going to have some cabinets a little bigger there.
Good.
OK.
So we have those.
The next thing I think we want to do is the cabinets on top it looks like of course we're not going
to need drawers up here.
That won't be an issue.
So once again I'll tab into edit mode and these I'll just hit the L key to select duplicate.
Move them up get that control one key C and 5 and now I'll bring these up.
Separate them by selection.
Just select this one.
There we go.
And we can set that Orjan that's good OK.
So let's scale it up and duplicate it.
And Raquel same thing over here.
Continue on over here.
Duplicate it.
Scale it to fit and for this over here I think we only need one door here so let me just grab this.
Go into Edit Mode hover over one hit the key.
Duplicate it.
Move it over here.
Hit that P key and separate it out.
Now I'm going to select that in Object mode move the origin to the geometry.
And now I can scale it out a bit like this.
So I just needed one door there I think all we're gonna need some doors up here above the refrigerator
so all duplicate those and move those over here.
All right.
So we're getting close to having at least the cabinets in the proper place.
There we go.
I'll select all of these moved them back and we could probably grab these and bring these over to the
other side.
I bet they'd fit.
In fact all of these might fit her.
Let's just go ahead and try it.
I'll duplicate and move them all this way.
So now I need to spin each one of these around individually.
Let me grab this and hit our z 180 we can move that.
And each one of these then are the 180.
All right now it looks like it's hard to see over here but it looks like we've got doors for a little
pantry and then maybe doors up here on top.
I'm just going to have to guess on this shouldn't be too much of a problem.
I don't think we're going to be over there a whole lot.
But let's just take this and duplicate it and let's move it over and try and put it in place here.
Let's now think about these handles and the hinges because we're going to need to make one each of these
just one handle one hinge and then duplicate them all around.
So I think to create the handle here I'm going to go to a whole new layer and I'm going to hit shift
C to move that cursor to the center of the grid and I'll create a cube.
And we're just going to use a cube to make one of these handles.
Well scale it down a bit and I think what I'll do is split it down the middle so I'll press control
r and hover over here and while that edge is right in the center.
I'm just going to hit enter and then enter again and that will ensure that that split it right down
the middle and then if I select these faces here I'll hit the B key and border select all of those and
X and delete and then I can add a mirror modifier to this over here and the modifiers panel go to add
a modifier and a mirror.
And now if I mirror it in the y axis like that instead of the X will turn that one off.
Now I can begin extruding this out to get the shape of this handle.
Now it's a bit I think it's a bit thinner than this something like that.
And if I begin say from this side with the three key I will hit the five key as well.
Now I can begin thinking about getting this kind of shape here so I'll hit it to extrude and pull out
and because I have the mirror modifier on it the other side comes along for the ride.
So I kind of go like this and then like this and begin turning this a bit and extrude this down like
that and maybe turn into a little bit more.
Now I go ahead and hit me and extrude and I'll turn this like this scale in the Y and also scale the
bit in the X like so now it doesn't look like it scales out in that axis so I'll undo that.
It just looks like it scales out like that.
So something like that.
I'm going to select an edge or two and kind of move these around just a little bit and there we go.
So we've got the basic shape here.
Now I'll go ahead and delete these faces down here we don't need these X and faces and then let's see.
I think that's going to be pretty good.
Maybe I'll scale a bit in the Z.
Make it a little bit flatter like that.
I think perhaps I'll select these faces here.
Allt click an edge between the faces and maybe smooth that let me try and go to that shading Uvas tab
and smooth and see how that works.
Yeah that helps a little bit on that top part.
And now I want to just apply that mirror modifier to make it all one piece.
Currently it's just half so if I took that mere modifier away or at least turned it off for a minute
he'd see it's only half the object.
So just hit apply Alt-Tab into object mode hit apply and now it's all one piece and we go.
Now I'll bring back the other part of the scene and let's put our pivot point where it will be most
useful I think it'll probably be most useful right in between here.
So going to press shift s and move the cursor to the selected objects which are those two edges and
then I'm going to move the pivot point the origin to the 3D cursor and there we go.
So now as I scale it down it'll scale at that point and I can begin moving this over and trying to put
it into place.
So I'm going to rotate around the Z Z 90 and I want to rotate around the X as well so are x 9 0.
So I'm going to try and get it on this drawer here and see how it looks.
That may work out pretty well.
Now let's bring back that floor.
I'm going to shift click this layer here.
I'll press shift F and the tab key and drop down to the ground.
Now I can hit w a SD and come around in here.
All right.
So now we have our cabinets in.
I'm going to duplicate these handles and fill in for the rest of the cabinets.
And then in the next video we'll work on dealing with the stove and the refrigerator.